in the Gaza Strip more than 2 million
people are surviving with little
security and limited shelter many
families also lack basic sanitation
needed to safeguard against
disease in AAA the streets are strewn
with
rubish as well as standing water that
risks
infections for months now waste has
piled up across Gaza including here
on the edge of the AL magazi refugee
camp before the war 98% of it was
collected successfully now experts say
that number is closer to 20% and the
health consequences are catastrophic for
people likes the
Adit I suffer from so many diseases I
also suffer from flies and mosquitoes we
can't sleep properly at nighttime
because of the massive numbers of
mosquitoes I suffer all kinds of
problems including shortness of breath I
have stomach and intestinal infections
due to being near the waste dump this is
a wartime
landfill municipal authorities say the
Israelis are making their job
impossible we go to the municipality and
they tell you their vehicles and garbage
trucks have been targeted by the
Israelis so we cannot provide any
garbage collection service the United
Nations development program has tried to
supplement and sometime replaced the
damaged or destroyed garbage
Fleet in al- magazi one un truck got
stuck as it tried to
unload the driver desperately attempt to
restart
it while a young child picks his way
through the steaming pile searching for
something anything to
eat the destruction of waste collection
vehicles and Facilities has left
municipalities trampling to cope with
the ongoing escalating crisis theb says
if the issue of the solid waste did not
resolve it will accessit Pate the
suffering of Palestinians in the Gaza
Strip T Al jazer darah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer